alright so we are back my name is hockey
got 19 and I'm your host today again I
appreciate all the support on my latest
videos thank you for that and we have
episode 5 of pack openings now we are
going to open up a pax again of those
wait for it go premium jumbo we got that
right again so let's just head right
into it and let's hope we do better than
last time because last time really
wasn't that great of a deal but we'll
see I mean I'm just looking for like a
mall kin well almost I guess I guess
that was close i mean monaghan well
older I think that's our in 86 that's
decent no 87 andrew ladd alright alright
we'll go with that that's okay with me
in rowland is okay
quick sell the rest of the party so hack
number two let's go
alright alright nothing useful nothing
useful nobody wants that Jersey fuck you
oh my god 14 again Meszaros really oh
let's go Jordan Staal we needed back at
work election alright so we saved 17
here right there again so we don't have
to buy them get our collection filled up
some of those
look like that
I really just want a guy like for around
200 to 300 k so I don't have to buy them
for the collection I don't even care
which one it is I don't even have to
play with them I just don't want to
spend 300 k for finishing up the
collection because that's really
expensive if you ask me let's see we get
anything good no oh alright I've been
good there and keep that also have you
been noticing the issue in the first
period where the game just freezes I
mean what the fuck I talked to an eea
advisor yesterday and he was like all
right we got some troubleshooting steps
and all that stuff nobody gave a fuck
about it because they said no we're
working on it and I said like will there
be any compensation for all the players
that just can't play games right now I
mean just give us ten Hut packs or 20 or
whatever it doesn't cost him anything
and he said no they will not be
compensation I said you gonna piss
people off like that he said nope nobody
was as pissed off as you are and I
wasn't really pissed off because I just
told him I don't think it's alright and
sorry and he said nobody was really
pissed off enough said man I can't send
you links of forums where everybody's
pissed off and nobody's gonna buy the
game because that's fucking bullshit and
he was like all right we're working on
it follow my steps all nice and yummy
and the steps he gave me where I mean
seriously bro what the fuck man if you
watching this video I don't even thinks
about it if you were watching this video
bro look at uh fuck wazzup with those
deaths but nobody gave a fuck about it
oh nice the tech was actually pretty
like have a look if your internet
connection works seriously you think I
couldn't have part of that myself I mean
come on and yeah he didn't give a fuck
about it anyways I don't know man yay
has got to do something with that sport
though that's fucking horrible he was
ligated working on it and I said yeah
but I can't play the game right now yeah
he can't do anything for me and like
yeah sure he can't do anything but at
least give the people something back for
making first of all a game that is not
finished yet and second of all a game
that doesn't even work I mean I like the
gameplay but I can play the fucking game
because it breaks up every 1st period or
if somebody pauses I mean come on really
we've had that issue like four years ago
with the pause switch and now that I
mean yeah that's just the way it is I'm
fucked oh let's go Zach Parise that's
what I'm talking about not 200 not 300k
but we saved 100k and we needed a like a
good left winger alright that's decent
shit alrighty a give it back like that
come on for the game now working another
91 in here nope another 10 that would
have been amazing and another great
player all right let's take all of it I
want to have it well let's see how he
went to the collection all right just to
be sure not to quick sell that guy oh
that would be horrible so yeah a kind of
messing up on that and I don't know have
you experienced that to the the screen
is just like waiting for user and you
see the ice in a little bit darker and
nothing's happening the point is I can
give you a little tip stay in and wait
for the opponent to quit because then
you're gonna get a victory your goalies
record gets a loss but you get a victory
and you get two points in the division
you are or you get a playoff win so I
don't know what the fuck's going on and
my last eight games have been broken up
and I don't play online anymore just for
the fact because I don't want to get to
the vision one by not doing anything at
all it's not even fun because if you
have a good first period and I mean
in the game I want to play it to the end
even though I'm down one nothing and
it's a good game I want to keep on
playing man and they don't allow me to
play the game i mean that's fucking
bullshit s this pack is fucking bullshit
if nothing good comes up yeah bullshit
so yeah that was the last pack and some
EA rent because I still don't get it I
mean fix your gaming agree and thanks
everybody for checking by you might
consider subscribing to my channel I
think I'm as yesterday's video just
skyrocketed to like 330 views the failed
video and if you guys enjoyed that name
I've got part two almost complete I just
need let's say two or three more clips
to finish that up but part two is even
better than the first one and I couldn't
believe it myself the things that happen
in there was the weirdest things I've
ever seen in my life they were even
better first in the first part so you
guys will really enjoy it maybe follow
me on Twitter or Facebook to never miss
out on it or subscribe here on YouTube
whatever you want to do and if you don't
want to do anything at all and just
search it up or don't even watch it
that's alright with me too so my name is
hockey gone 19 I'll see you later bye